Introduction Model Optimisation and Grammar Correction (#61)
mlr-org/mlr3book: bookdown/02-model-optimization/00-model-optimization.Rmd

# Model Optimization {#model-optim}

> This chapter will introduce different approaches to model opitmization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter will introduce different approaches to model optimization. 
```

**Model Tuning**
The first sub-section discusses "model tuning".  

> Many machine learning algorithms have hyperparameters that need to be set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though machine learning algorithms have default values set for their hyperparameters, these usually need to be set changed by the user to achieve optimal performance.
```

> If selected by the user they can be specified as explained on the tutorial page on learners – simply pass them to makeLearner(). 

Reviewer: I would omit this sentence

> Often suitable parameter values are not obvious and it is preferable to tune the hyperparameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting suitable parameter values manually is not an easy task.
This is why an automatic tuning of hyperparameters is preferred. 
```

Tuning hyperparameters implies automatic identification of values that lead to the best performance.

> In order to tune a machine learning algorithm, you have to specify: (1) the search space;(2) the optimization algorithm (aka tuning method) and (3) an evaluation method, i.e., a resampling strategy and a performance measure.

Reviewer: Put into bullet points?

> In summary, the sub-chapter on tuning illustates hyperparamater selection, how to pick an optimizing algorithm and how to automate tuning.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, the sub-chapter on tuning illustrates hyperparamater selection, how to pick an optimizing algorithm and how to automate tuning.  
```

Add a cross-ref to the chapter.

**Feature Selection** 
The second part of this chapter explains "feature selection". 

> The objective of feature selection is to fit the sparce dependent of a model on a subset of available data features in the most suitable manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The objective of feature selection is to fit the sparse dependent of a model on a subset of available data features in the most suitable manner.
```

Feature selection can enhance the interpretability of the model, speed up the learning process and improve the learner performance.
Different approaches exist to identify the relevant features.

> The chapter on feature selection introduces two distinct approaches to filtering, namely oon the one hand "filtering" and on the other hand  an approach referred to as "feature subset selection" or Wrapper methods".

Reviewer: > namely oon the one hand "filtering"

somethings wrong here

> hand  an

whitespace issue

**Nested Resampling**
The third section is about resampling strategies, specifically nested resampling. 

> Resampling strategies are usually used to assess the performance of a learning algorithm:The entire data set is (repeatedly) split into training sets D∗b and test sets D∖D∗b, b=1,…,B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resampling strategies are usually used to assess the performance of a learning algorithm: The entire data set is (repeatedly) split into training sets D∗b and test sets D∖D∗b, b=1,…,B.
```

You can use math notation by wrapping text ino `$`

> The learner is trained on each training set, predictions are made on the corresponding test set (sometimes on the training set as well) and the performance measure S(D∗b,D∖D∗b) is calculated.

Reviewer: > (sometimes on the training set as well)

This might confuse some - better just leave it out?

Author: Yeah, I agree. It is not the most straight forward. I changed that section now.

> The learner is trained on each training set, predictions are made on the corresponding test set (sometimes on the training set as well) and the performance measure S(D∗b,D∖D∗b) is calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The learner is trained on each training set, predictions are made on the corresponding test set (sometimes on the training set as well) and the performance measure is calculated.
```

> Then the B individual performance values are aggregated, most often by calculating the mean. Various different resampling strategies exist, for example cross-validation and bootstrap, to mention just two popular approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the B individual performance values are aggregated.
Various different resampling strategies exist, for example cross-validation and bootstrap, to mention just two popular approaches.
```

One sentence per line

We should leave the selection of the aggregation method to the user.

# Model Optimization {#model-optim}

**Model Tuning**

Even though machine learning algorithms have default values set for their hyperparameters, these usually need to be modified by the user to achieve optimal performance.

> Selecting suitable parameter values manually is not an easy task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A manual selection of hyperparameter values is not recommended as this approach rarely leads to an optimal performance.
```

> This is why an automatic tuning of hyperparameters is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why a data-driven optimization of hyperparameters (= tuning) should be conducted.
```

> Tuning hyperparameters implies automatic identification of values that lead to the best performance.

Reviewer: With the changes before this can be left out.

> In order to tune a machine learning algorithm, you have to specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to tune a machine learning algorithm, one has to specify:
```

- the search space
- the optimization algorithm (aka tuning method)
- an evaluation method, i.e., a resampling strategy and a performance measure

In summary, the sub-chapter on tuning illustrates hyperparameter selection, how to pick an optimizing algorithm and how to automate tuning using mlr3.

**Feature Selection** 

The second part of this chapter explains "feature selection".
The objective of feature selection is to fit the sparse dependent of a model on a subset of available data features in the most suitable manner.

> Feature selection can enhance the interpretability of the model, speed up the learning process and improve the learner performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature selection can enhance the interpretability of the model, speed up model fitting and improve the learner performance by reducing noise in the data.
```

Different approaches exist to identify the relevant features.

> The sub-chapter on feature selection introduces two distinct approaches to filtering namely on the one hand filtering and on the other hand feature subset selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sub-chapter on feature selection introduces two distinct approaches: 

- feature selection using filter algorithms
- feature selection using so called "wrapper methods"
```

**Nested Resampling**

> In order to get a good estimate of generalization performance and avoid data leakage, both an outer (for tuning/feature selection) and an inner (for the base model) resampling process are advised.

Reviewer: outer = performance
inner = tuning/feature selection

advised = conducted/performed?

Author: Ich glaube advised ist hier mehr im Sinne von recommended gemeint.

> mlr 3 supports nested resampling, which is used for complex operations such as tuning or feature selection through wrappers.

Reviewer: I dont think we need this sentence since nested resampling is nothing "special" and this sentence sounds a bit as if only mlr3 could do this :)

Author: ok I will delete it :)
